PERF/BUG: use masked algo in groupby cummin and cummax (#40651)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.3.0.rst

- Performance improvement in :class:`Styler` where render times are more than 50% reduced (:issue:`39972` :issue:`39952`)
- Performance improvement in :meth:`core.window.ewm.ExponentialMovingWindow.mean` with ``times`` (:issue:`39784`)
- Performance improvement in :meth:`.GroupBy.apply` when requiring the python fallback implementation (:issue:`40176`)

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer: merge artifact

Author: thanks, sorry about that

> - Performance improvement in :class:`SeriesGroupBy` and :class:`DataFrameGroupBy` when using methods ``cummin`` and ``cummax`` with nullable data types (:issue:`37493`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Performance improvement in :meth:`.GroupBy.cummin` and :meth:`.GroupBy.cummax` with nullable data types (:issue:`37493`)
```

- Bug in :meth:`Series.asfreq` and :meth:`DataFrame.asfreq` dropping rows when the index is not sorted (:issue:`39805`)
- Bug in aggregation functions for :class:`DataFrame` not respecting ``numeric_only`` argument when ``level`` keyword was given (:issue:`40660`)
- Bug in :class:`core.window.RollingGroupby` where ``as_index=False`` argument in ``groupby`` was ignored (:issue:`39433`)

> - Bug in :class:`SeriesGroupBy` and :class:`DataFrameGroupBy` computing wrong result for methods ``cummin`` and ``cummax`` with nullable data types too large to roundtrip when casting to float (:issue:`37493`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`.GroupBy.cummin` and :meth:`.GroupBy.cummax` computing wrong result with nullable data types too large to roundtrip when casting to float (:issue:`37493`)
```

- Bug in :meth:`Series.asfreq` and :meth:`DataFrame.asfreq` dropping rows when the index is not sorted (:issue:`39805`)
- Bug in aggregation functions for :class:`DataFrame` not respecting ``numeric_only`` argument when ``level`` keyword was given (:issue:`40660`)
- Bug in :class:`core.window.RollingGroupby` where ``as_index=False`` argument in ``groupby`` was ignored (:issue:`39433`)

> - Bug in :meth:`.GroupBy.cummin` and :meth:`.GroupBy.cummax` computing wrong result with nullable data types too large to roundtrip when casting to float (:issue:`37493`)

Reviewer: is the leading "." a pattern i dont know about?

Author: Was a suggestion from @jorisvandenbossche, some explanation in the thread here https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/pull/40819#discussion_r612552622
